Hey.
Yep it's me again talking about create react app because while they constantly keep updating create
react app but we know that right.
Tools are constantly being updated.
Now there's actually a new easier way of starting a create react app project and I'll link to the resource
but create react app.
Well on top of having its own page now also uses this command to actually create an app.
Let's have a look. So in the past we would do something like create-react-app and create our own project.
But now instead of us having to install create-react-app by using npm install we can now just do npx
and npx is actually a tool that is a package run or tool that comes with any version of NPM 5.2
or higher which if you're watching the video now you should have and because we've talked about how
to update our NPM. nNow instead of us having to install create react app now we can run npx create-react-app
and whatever we want to call our app.
So if I do let's say create react app and we'll call this project let's call it moooooo it's a cows project
if I now run this all right there we have it we have our project so that now I can cd into moooooo and
if I open the project there we go.
We have all our files that we're familiar with with the latest version of react and react scripts which
again that is that create react.
Now in your case I wanted to create a project that is called robofriends because in the upcoming lessons
we're going to create a robofriends app which is gonna be a lot of fun by the way.
If you want to learn more about npx I'll link to a nice resource that you can read more about it in
this video.
All right.
That was it.
Nice and easy.
I'll see in the next one.
Bye bye.